README.md, before:

### Project Badges:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions)
[![ESLint](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/eslint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/eslint.yml)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/47881d2a055a6b0c37ef/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/paultasov/frontend-project-46/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/47881d2a055a6b0c37ef/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/paultasov/frontend-project-46/test_coverage)

---
## Demo
Click on the screenshot and play it with the [asciinema](https://asciinema.org/ 'Asciinema.org').

#### -- _The difference calculator_ --
##### Get difference between two data structures
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/XTYSxc1tPHmzb8m2M5DANIGnt.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/XTYSxc1tPHmzb8m2M5DANIGnt)

---

#### -- _Сontacts_ --
Email me with any questions — 
[paultasov@gmail.com](mailto:paultasov@gmail.com 'You can send me an email to <paultasov@gmail.com>'). Paul

Commit message:

step_06 - docs(readme.md): upd with asciinema - diff between flat YAML

README.md, after:

### Project Badges:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions)
[![ESLint](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/eslint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/paultasov/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/eslint.yml)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/47881d2a055a6b0c37ef/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/paultasov/frontend-project-46/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/47881d2a055a6b0c37ef/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/paultasov/frontend-project-46/test_coverage)

---
## Project description
Cooming soon...

---
## Installation and usage
Cooming soon...

---
## Requirements
Cooming soon...

---
## Demo
Click on the screenshot and play it with the [asciinema](https://asciinema.org/ 'Asciinema.org').

#### -- _Show the differences between the two **flat JSON** files_ --
##### Get difference between two data structures
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/XTYSxc1tPHmzb8m2M5DANIGnt.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/XTYSxc1tPHmzb8m2M5DANIGnt)

#### -- _Show the differences between the two **flat YAML** files_ --
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/6R0uuIp0qR7IrG11owreU4zyM.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/6R0uuIp0qR7IrG11owreU4zyM)

---

#### -- _Сontacts_ --
Email me with any questions — 
[paultasov@gmail.com](mailto:paultasov@gmail.com 'You can send me an email to <paultasov@gmail.com>'). Paul
